Update StyleGuide.md (#17697)
cockroachdb/docs: StyleGuide.md

All product names except CockroachDB should be written as Liquid variables unless part of front-matter, file names, or non-Markdown files. Use the following code in place of product names:

- **CockroachDB Serverless** : `CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.serverless }}`
- **CockroachDB Dedicated** : `CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }}`
- **CockroachDB Self-Hosted** : `CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.core }}`
- **CockroachDB Cloud** : `CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }}`
- **Enterprise** : `{{ site.data.products.enterprise }}`

> The first occurrence of a product name within a docs page should use its full name. Discretionarily, subsequent occurrences may be shortened to “Dedicated”, “Serverless”, "Cloud", or "Self-Hosted", unless a writer (or reviewer) senses contextual ambiguity that could be improved by using the full product name. In long pages, it may be helpful to use the full name for each occurrence in a new sentence or if it's been a few paragraphs since an occurrence of the full product name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first occurrence of a product name within a docs page should use its full name. At the writer's discretion, subsequent occurrences may be shortened to “Dedicated”, “Serverless”, "Cloud", or "Self-Hosted", unless a writer (or reviewer) senses contextual ambiguity that could be improved by using the full product name. In long pages, it may be helpful to use the full name for each occurrence in a new sentence or if it's been a few paragraphs since an occurrence of the full product name.
```
